ST-185 Load the default zoom level from the configuration file 
ST-182 Design: Incorporate altitude info of flight routes in the Active Flights UI 
ST-132 Create an UI configuration singleton "Follow the example on https://gist.github.com/kimmellj/bd97790d66c5fd1408e0 and create a singleton class for all UI parameters. Search for Java Singleton for other singleton examples. The current parameters include: project_name map_center_lan map_center_lon and map_default_zoom. In the future we will use this class for configurable parameters."
ST-216 Request existing routes from Dronology 
ST-178 A class to hold latitude longitude and altitude (LLA) coordinates "We need an immutable class holding three doubles for latitude longitude and altitude (LLA). This class should have the following data members: * latitude - the angle north of the equator in degrees (negative angles define latitudes in the southern hemisphere) * longitude - the angle east of the prime meridian in degrees (negative angles define longitudes in the western hemisphere) * altitude - the distance above sea level or more precisely the distance above the surface of the WGS-84 reference ellipsoid. For this project we need this distance in meters (though traditionally in aviation this distance is measured in feet so be careful when using this class) This class should have the following methods * toPvec - takes no arguments and maps LLA to an X Y and Z coordinate in the WGS-84 reference frame. * toNvec - takes no arguments and maps LLA to a coordinate defined by an N-vector plus altitude. An N-vector is a normal vector on the surface of the WGS-84 reference ellipsoid. This ellipsoid defines the position of sea level everywhere on Earth. By pairing this with an altitude we can precisely define a position. N-vectors have nice properties that make dead reckoning easier and more accurate (Dead reckoning is the process of calculating a drones current position by using a previously determined position and advancing that position based upon known or estimated speeds over elapsed time and course. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dead_reckoning for more info). To learn more about the nice properties that n-vectors have see this article http://www.navlab.net/Publications/A_Nonsingular_Horizontal_Position_Representation.pdf from The Journal of Navigation. Perhaps Coordinate.java may be modified into the LlaCoordinate class we need."
ST-278 Make replacement simulator that Integrates N-vector position reckoning "NvecInterpolator does position reckoning in WGS-84 and a replacement simulator that uses it needs to be created * Do movement simulator and battery simulator * Replicate all base functionality of simple simulator "
ST-259 Nvector to LLA needs to be robust Latitude needs to be calculated using atan2. See equation 6 in http://www.navlab.net/Publications/A_Nonsingular_Horizontal_Position_Representation.pdf
ST-262 Replace existing Coordinate implementation with new LlaCoordinate "Replace existing Coordinate implementation with new LlaCoordinate This requires: * updating the flight simulator to work with double values instead of long * UI adaptations to display coordinates correctly * additional functionality to modify waypoints (LlaCoordinate is now immutable)"
ST-245 Add icons to waypoints in Active Flights view 
ST-336 Assign routes -- select "Implement the select route behavior. Ignore the notes on the mockup file but use this: Selecting a route on the left-hand side of the list will automatically select the matching route on the right-hand side and show the route on the map. Selecting a route on the right-hand side will NOT auto-select any route on the left-hand side."
ST-337 Assign routes -- move/reorder Implement the move/reorder functionality specified in the mockup file. Please read the callout notes on the mockup file.
ST-279 Provide remote interface for Route assignment 
ST-384 Prevent user from assigning empty routes "When the user attempt to assign an empty route to a UAV (by trying to put an empty route from the right side panel to the left side) prevent the route to be assigned and popup a notification saying ""There is no waypoint defined in [route name]. You cannot assign an empty route to a UAV."""
ST-369 Add style to the assign multiple routes UI 
ST-396 Check input values (altitude and speed) "Check the user input for the altitude and speed on two places (1) the popup window for creating new waypoints and (2) the table when in edit mode. When the Save button (for the popup window) or the check mark button (for the table) is clicked if the input altitude and/or speed are not float numbers popup a notification saying ""Altitude and/or Transit speed must be a number."" and do not save the input values."
ST-373 Route description "Add route description under the route name in the meta info bar. Double clicking on the route description will change it to a textfield for editing (similar behavior as the name field) When creating a new route add a text area for adding the route description."
ST-227 Remove waypoint from the table "Add a trashcan button to the right of each row in the table. Clicking on the button will pop-up a window showing ""Are you sure you want to delete this waypoint?"" and two buttons (Yes and No). When the user clicks on ""No"" window closes and nothing happens. When the user clicks on ""Yes"" remove the waypoint on that row from the table and remove that waypoint on the map then close the window."
ST-199 Create a table (grid) view of all the waypoints added to the map "Put the table view below the map (for now). This table should be synced with the map when either the table or the route on the map changed."
ST-173 Add new waypoint to flight route "When a user clicks on the map a new waypoint is created and shown on the map and in the list If the newly added waypoint is not the first one a line is added between the new one and the previous one."
ST-175 Move Waypoints When an existing waypoint is selected on the map it can be dragged to another location
ST-226 Waypoint contextual UI "When mouse click on the waypoint instead of removing it directly show a Window next to the waypoint that includes (1) its information (lat lon altitude and approaching speed) and (2) a button says ""remove waypoint"" -- clicking on the button will remove the waypoint."
ST-349 Stop managing pins and polylines separately on UI "LMap already manages all pins and polylines on the map. We should not manage them again. Get rid of private List polylines = new ArrayList<>(); and private List pins = new ArrayList<>(); Instead use map.getComponentIterator() to retrieve the pins and polylines"
ST-215 Request active UAVs from Dronology 
ST-221 Refresh drone imformation from dronology to UI 
ST-224 Show the UAVs on the map 
ST-304 Change color for selected and focused UAVs "This only applies to the icons and lines on the map. By default all UAVs use drone_icon.png all flight route lines are in color #444. For selected UAVs (UAVs with the checkbox checked) use drone_icon_selected.png and change the line color to #000. For the focused UAV (the UAV that the user clicks on) use drone_icon_focused.png and chagne the line color to #d87703."
ST-444 Takeoff to altitude 
ST-218 Style: Apply styles to the emergency controls 
ST-282 Following a UAV "Add a component above ""Emergency Operations"" called ""Map View Operations"". Add two button in it called ""Follow Selected UAVs on Map"" and ""View All UAVs on Map"". When no UAV is selected the button ""Follow Selected UAVs"" is disabled; once a UAV is selected the button is enabled. Clicking on ""Follow Selected UAVs"" will automatically zoom and pan the map so that all selected UAVs (or rather the rectangle that bounds all selected UAVs) are always centered in the map and constitutes for about 60% of the view. Clicking on ""View All UAVs"" will zoom and pan the map so that all UAVs and their planned routes (or rather the rectangle that bounds all UAVs and their planned routes) are centered in the map and constitutes for about 60% of the view."
ST-357 Following mode indicator "When the UI is following one or more UAVs show a thick border around the map a